[MUSIC]
>> Joe Nelson: So here's our jsbin jevag.
I'm gonna do some composing.
>> Off Camera 1: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, good idea.
This time I'm gonna put it
in a different browser so
it doesn't know me as the creator,
so when I type things,
it doesn't change the original.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, so like the other
ones, we have this underscore.
It's actually Ramda,
it's coming from Ramda.
We created a little helper, which was get,
like we were talking about before to pull
something off an object and it's curried.
>> Off Camera 1: I think Ramda has that
built in actually.
>> Joe Nelson: So- [LAUGH]
>> Off Camera 1: So would you look at
a Ramda [LAUGH]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: So it starts with
an example of how you could use compose.
In fact if I run it, we will be
able to see some output, I hope.
Refresh.
>> Joe Nelson: There it is, cool.
So we could make this
function that given an array
of words because see we have
words in here, we split.
You actually give it a string,
looking at this, double checking.
You give it a string,
it takes out the words and
then it gives you the links of the words.
So maybe you want to make a histogram
of like how complicated words
are in a grade level analyzer in
a word processor or something.
So here's how you do it with compose.
I don't have to make it.
I just throw stuff together.
So that's an example then it's our turn
to take like something an API might have
given us back about articles,
and authors, and stuff.
>> Joe Nelson: And get a list of the names
inside of the articles.
>> Joe Nelson: So
once again, we have identity written here,
that just means change this out.
>> Joe Nelson: Get compose and map.
>> Off Camera 1: [INAUDIBLE] Now we don't
have to do anything.
I was like wait a second,
we should do this.
>> Joe Nelson: I was telling [INAUDIBLE]
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Off Camera 1: I feel like if we
are going to use the jsbin and
the refresh Ramda thing,
we should figure that out.
It's weird, cuz it's supposed to
be synchronous in the script tag,
it's just a HTML script tag,
we should be doing that first.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah we could add
an asynchronous loader thing,
it gets it already.
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah, said timeout or
set interval.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, I thought scripts at
the top blocked the page [CROSSTALK]
>> Off Camera 1: Why don't we block
the page?
Jsbin doing some weird stuff..
Casper Milquetoast is my favorite author.
>> Joe Nelson: Lessons for all of us.